alright so welcome back guys um we're
gonna cook up some warm crumbly muffins
the muffin man's back in action he's
back what Apple rhubarb Apple rhubarb
crumble muffins so we're going dry
ingredients we got flour and then we're
gonna go baking powder salt cinnamon do
this good combination do that give that
a little stir right and now wet
ingredients so we're going to go three
eggs give that a little whisk vegetable
oil buttermilk and then we're going to
go in with our sugar so that's caster
sugar and brown sugar and just give that
all a whisk together until the sugar is
dissolved and everything's come together
fold that together with muffins the key
is just not to over mix them otherwise
you make a tough really drive up and so
we just want to do as little mixing as
we can literally just so it's almost
combined just before it combines we're
going to throw the fruit in we're just
going to throw now our rhubarb and Apple
in so just toss that in and now Apple
that astir mean it all together yep all
right so yeah our muffin batter is all
done now we're just gonna throw that
straight into our muffin cases and then
we'll top it with our crumble nice and
quick
all right okay so we've got our batter
into our muffin cases and now we're just
going to make the crumble which is super
easy and simple so we've got one third
of a cup of plain flour sifted here got
half a cup of oats quicker I'm using
quick cut oats we can use any kind of
oat we got half a cup of brown sugar so
one and a half teaspoons of cinnamon and
then quarter of a cup of diced butter
now we're going to get a little bit
dirty and we're just going to throw our
hands in there and Marshall out together
until we make a nice crumble alright so
we've finished off our crumble and
that's a nice crumbly consistency bit of
chunks of butter through there and we're
just going to top off our muffins with
the crumble and then the leftover fruit
that we've got so we just throw that on
top okay so whilst we finish these off
we're just gonna throw them into a
preheated oven about 210 degrees for 5
minutes and then we'll bring it down to
190 degrees for 25 minutes
toasty toasty muffins little kiss so
there we go Apple rhubarb crumble
muffins perfect for winter um yeah get
on board have you ever seen a muffin
that's that big are you kidding the
thing will keep you powering all day
right on thanks guys thanks for watching
another episode of baking with notorious
we're back every month two videos a
month make sure you subscribe check out
the recipe down below and there's a
piece of other videos on the channel so
we do heat to baking we do a series
called unrefined to get out into the
wild little change you might come along
i'm too i'm stuck in the other in the
kitchen better check out james on
instagram at notorious under scroll
you